README.md, before:

## 👋 Welcome

I build intelligent automation, platform engineering tools, and cloud-native solutions for the AI-driven infrastructure era.
My work bridges the gap between cutting-edge AI/ML operations and battle-tested DevOps practices — enabling teams to ship faster while maintaining reliability at scale.

I'm passionate about:

- AI-augmented operations & intelligent automation pipelines
- Platform engineering that empowers developers, not restricts them
- Zero-touch infrastructure with self-healing capabilities
- Turning operational toil into elegant, automated workflows

---

### 🔧 Featured Projects

Here are some open-source projects I've worked on:

| Project | Description | Tech / Domain | ⭐ Stars | 🍴 Forks |
|---------|-------------|---------------|----------|----------|
| [`docker-stats`](https://spagu.github.io/docker-stats/) | Better stats for Docker containers like a top. | Docker tool / Go | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/docker-stats?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/docker-stats?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`xslt-processor`](https://spagu.github.io/XSLT-Processor/) | Future-proof your XSLT applications before Chrome removes native support. | XSLT tool / JavaScript | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/XSLT-Processor?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/XSLT-Processor?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`schema-resume`](https://github.com/tradik/schema-resume) | Machine-readable resume format + CLI generator based on structured schema. | JSON Schema / Automation / Documentation | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/schema-resume?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/schema-resume?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`mddb`](https://github.com/tradik/mddb) | Minimalist DB / structured store for small apps or automation tasks. | Databases / Go | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/mddb?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/mddb?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`ssg`](https://github.com/spagu/ssg) | A simple static site generator written in Go. Converts content from WordPress exports | CMS / Go | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/ssg?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/ssg?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`htmonitor`](https://github.com/spagu/htmonitor) | .htaccess Geo-Redirection Mock/Testing | Monitoring / Infra | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/htmonitor?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/htmonitor?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`wpexporter`](https://tradik.github.io/wpexporter/) | WordPress Export tool (JSON/MD/XML) written in GoLang | Content / Tool | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/wpexporter?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/wpexporter?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`infrastructure-agent-freebsd`](https://github.com/tradik/infrastructure-agent-freebsd) | Agent for provisioning and managing FreeBSD systems automatically. | DevOps / Systems / FreeBSD | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/infrastructure-agent-freebsd?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/infrastructure-agent-freebsd?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`pp`](https://github.com/spagu/pp) | Tiny command-line / scripting helper for productivity. | CLI / Utilities | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/pp?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/pp?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`billion`](https://github.com/spagu/billion) | Experimental attempt to work with massive datasets efficiently. | Performance / Data | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/billion?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/billion?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`ansible-kubernetes`](https://github.com/spagu/ansible-kubernetes-centos-7) | Ansible with Kubernetes playbooks for Centos. | Infra / Setup | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/ansible-kubernetes-centos-7?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/ansible-kubernetes-centos-7?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`slimjson`](https://tradik.github.io/slimjson/) | Slim down JSON data for AI models and bandwidth-constrained systems. | LLM Optimisation | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/slimjson?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/slimjson?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`raspberry-pxe-centos-8`](https://github.com/spagu/raspberry-pxe-centos-8) | PXE boot setup for Raspberry Pi with automated CentOS 8 installation. | Linux / Infra / IoT | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/raspberry-pxe-centos-8?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/raspberry-pxe-centos-8?style=flat-square&label=) |

---

### 🚀 What I do

- Define platform strategy & long-term technical direction for distributed systems and cloud environments.
- Architect and oversee mission-critical infrastructure across multiple teams & services
- Lead Platform/SRE/DevOps groups, setting engineering standards, practices and operational models
- Build Internal Developer Platforms (IDP) powering deployments, environments, observability and security
- Drive reliability engineering: SLOs, incident management, failure analysis, resilience patterns
- Establish scalable delivery pipelines (CI/CD, automation, governance)
- Partner with leadership & product to align platform capabilities with company goals

### My engineering domains

- Cloud architecture (multi-cloud / hybrid)
- Distributed systems & service orchestration
- Kubernetes ecosystems, mesh architecture, workload orchestration
- Observability & operational intelligence
- Scalability, performance & reliability
- Security, governance, compliance automation

### How I work

I build platforms the same way good products are built — with a clear vision, measurable outcomes, user empathy and technical excellence. My goal is to create an engineering ecosystem where teams ship faster, safer and with confidence.

Developer experience & platform tooling
---

### 📚 Tech I use

![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-black?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=white)
![FreeBSD](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FreeBSD-B73225?style=flat-square&logo=freebsd&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-E44C30?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Istio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Istio-466BB0?logo=istio&logoColor=white)
![Linkerd](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linkerd-2E5D69?logo=linkerd&logoColor=white)
![Envoy](https://img.shields.io/badge/Envoy-FF4F67?logo=envoyproxy&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-844FBA?logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
![Pulumi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pulumi-8A42ED?logo=pulumi&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?logo=amazonaws&logoColor=black)
![GCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Helm](https://img.shields.io/badge/Helm-0F1689?logo=helm&logoColor=white)
![ArgoCD](https://img.shields.io/badge/ArgoCD-FE7A16?logo=argo&logoColor=white)
![FluxCD](https://img.shields.io/badge/FluxCD-2E5FEC?logo=flux&logoColor=white)
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?logo=prometheus&logoColor=white)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?logo=grafana&logoColor=white)
![Loki](https://img.shields.io/badge/Loki-7EBF46?logo=grafana&logoColor=white)
![Tempo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tempo-46A3FF?logo=grafana&logoColor=white)
![OpenTelemetry](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenTelemetry-000000?logo=opentelemetry&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-121011?logo=gnubash&logoColor=white)
![Distributed Systems](https://img.shields.io/badge/Distributed%20Systems-0A66C2)
![SRE](https://img.shields.io/badge/SRE-4B275F)
![Observability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Observability-FF8800)
![Reliability Engineering](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reliability%20Engineering-0550AE)


---

### 🛰️ Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=spagu&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
  <br/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=spagu&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

---

### 💬 Let's connect

If you want to collaborate on DevOps tooling or automation experiments, open an issue or start a discussion in any repo.

> ⚡ _Always improving. Always shipping._

Commit message:

Add new project 'acpi_intel_sst' to README

README.md, after:

## 👋 Welcome

I build intelligent automation, platform engineering tools, and cloud-native solutions for the AI-driven infrastructure era.
My work bridges the gap between cutting-edge AI/ML operations and battle-tested DevOps practices — enabling teams to ship faster while maintaining reliability at scale.

I'm passionate about:

- AI-augmented operations & intelligent automation pipelines
- Platform engineering that empowers developers, not restricts them
- Zero-touch infrastructure with self-healing capabilities
- Turning operational toil into elegant, automated workflows

---

### 🔧 Featured Projects

Here are some open-source projects I've worked on:

| Project | Description | Tech / Domain | ⭐ Stars | 🍴 Forks |
|---------|-------------|---------------|----------|----------|
| [`acpi_intel_sst`](https://github.com/spagu/acpi_intel_sst/) | Tools and helpers for working with Intel SST ACPI audio on FreeBSD. | BSD / Audio / Infra | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/acpi_intel_sst?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/acpi_intel_sst?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`docker-stats`](https://spagu.github.io/docker-stats/) | Better stats for Docker containers like a top. | Docker tool / Go | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/docker-stats?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/docker-stats?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`xslt-processor`](https://spagu.github.io/XSLT-Processor/) | Future-proof your XSLT applications before Chrome removes native support. | XSLT tool / JavaScript | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/XSLT-Processor?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/XSLT-Processor?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`schema-resume`](https://github.com/tradik/schema-resume) | Machine-readable resume format + CLI generator based on structured schema. | JSON Schema / Automation / Documentation | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/schema-resume?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/schema-resume?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`mddb`](https://github.com/tradik/mddb) | Minimalist DB / structured store for small apps or automation tasks. | Databases / Go | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/mddb?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/mddb?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`ssg`](https://github.com/spagu/ssg) | A simple static site generator written in Go. Converts content from WordPress exports | CMS / Go | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/ssg?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/ssg?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`htmonitor`](https://github.com/spagu/htmonitor) | .htaccess Geo-Redirection Mock/Testing | Monitoring / Infra | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/htmonitor?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/htmonitor?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`wpexporter`](https://tradik.github.io/wpexporter/) | WordPress Export tool (JSON/MD/XML) written in GoLang | Content / Tool | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/wpexporter?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/wpexporter?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`infrastructure-agent-freebsd`](https://github.com/tradik/infrastructure-agent-freebsd) | Agent for provisioning and managing FreeBSD systems automatically. | DevOps / Systems / FreeBSD | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/infrastructure-agent-freebsd?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/infrastructure-agent-freebsd?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`pp`](https://github.com/spagu/pp) | Tiny command-line / scripting helper for productivity. | CLI / Utilities | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/pp?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/pp?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`billion`](https://github.com/spagu/billion) | Experimental attempt to work with massive datasets efficiently. | Performance / Data | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/billion?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/billion?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`ansible-kubernetes`](https://github.com/spagu/ansible-kubernetes-centos-7) | Ansible with Kubernetes playbooks for Centos. | Infra / Setup | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/ansible-kubernetes-centos-7?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/ansible-kubernetes-centos-7?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`slimjson`](https://tradik.github.io/slimjson/) | Slim down JSON data for AI models and bandwidth-constrained systems. | LLM Optimisation | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tradik/slimjson?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/tradik/slimjson?style=flat-square&label=) |
| [`raspberry-pxe-centos-8`](https://github.com/spagu/raspberry-pxe-centos-8) | PXE boot setup for Raspberry Pi with automated CentOS 8 installation. | Linux / Infra / IoT | ![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/spagu/raspberry-pxe-centos-8?style=flat-square&label=) | ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/spagu/raspberry-pxe-centos-8?style=flat-square&label=) |

---

### 🚀 What I do

- Define platform strategy & long-term technical direction for distributed systems and cloud environments.
- Architect and oversee mission-critical infrastructure across multiple teams & services
- Lead Platform/SRE/DevOps groups, setting engineering standards, practices and operational models
- Build Internal Developer Platforms (IDP) powering deployments, environments, observability and security
- Drive reliability engineering: SLOs, incident management, failure analysis, resilience patterns
- Establish scalable delivery pipelines (CI/CD, automation, governance)
- Partner with leadership & product to align platform capabilities with company goals

### My engineering domains

- Cloud architecture (multi-cloud / hybrid)
- Distributed systems & service orchestration
- Kubernetes ecosystems, mesh architecture, workload orchestration
- Observability & operational intelligence
- Scalability, performance & reliability
- Security, governance, compliance automation

### How I work

I build platforms the same way good products are built — with a clear vision, measurable outcomes, user empathy and technical excellence. My goal is to create an engineering ecosystem where teams ship faster, safer and with confidence.

Developer experience & platform tooling
---

### 📚 Tech I use

![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-black?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=white)
![FreeBSD](https://img.shields.io/badge/-FreeBSD-B73225?style=flat-square&logo=freebsd&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-E44C30?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Istio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Istio-466BB0?logo=istio&logoColor=white)
![Linkerd](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linkerd-2E5D69?logo=linkerd&logoColor=white)
![Envoy](https://img.shields.io/badge/Envoy-FF4F67?logo=envoyproxy&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-844FBA?logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
![Pulumi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pulumi-8A42ED?logo=pulumi&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?logo=amazonaws&logoColor=black)
![GCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Helm](https://img.shields.io/badge/Helm-0F1689?logo=helm&logoColor=white)
![ArgoCD](https://img.shields.io/badge/ArgoCD-FE7A16?logo=argo&logoColor=white)
![FluxCD](https://img.shields.io/badge/FluxCD-2E5FEC?logo=flux&logoColor=white)
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?logo=prometheus&logoColor=white)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?logo=grafana&logoColor=white)
![Loki](https://img.shields.io/badge/Loki-7EBF46?logo=grafana&logoColor=white)
![Tempo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tempo-46A3FF?logo=grafana&logoColor=white)
![OpenTelemetry](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenTelemetry-000000?logo=opentelemetry&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-121011?logo=gnubash&logoColor=white)
![Distributed Systems](https://img.shields.io/badge/Distributed%20Systems-0A66C2)
![SRE](https://img.shields.io/badge/SRE-4B275F)
![Observability](https://img.shields.io/badge/Observability-FF8800)
![Reliability Engineering](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reliability%20Engineering-0550AE)


---

### 🛰️ Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=spagu&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight" />
  <br/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=spagu&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight" />
</p>

---

### 💬 Let's connect

If you want to collaborate on DevOps tooling or automation experiments, open an issue or start a discussion in any repo.

> ⚡ _Always improving. Always shipping._
